I am working with internet marketers in various Off-Page SEO and Link Building projects in the last 8 years and gain valuable experience in this field. I also have a strong involvement in the affiliate marketing industry.


I have 8 years of Experience in

-White Hat manual Link building

Link building service for Off-Page SEO (white hat organic link building)
I will manually earn links for you (No low quality/toxic/ PBN links). Please note, that my method is manual outreach and I do organic link-building campaign which requires manual work.

I have widespread experience in doing long term manual link building campaign using Skyscraper technique (which is 100% white hat). I am doing it for many high authority blogs and top affiliate sites in the last 10 years.

If you are aware of what is Skyscraper link building, have an ambition to boost you site's authority at a high level and well determined that you will go for a long term (at least 6 month) Skyscraper link building campaign, have adequate budget and financial capability to do it, I am ready to start your project right away!

Sometimes I use BuzzStream: Link Building tool

- Guest Posting (with content writing) & Niche Edit

Link building service for guest post opportunity/ paid backlink. I will write the guest posts for you, you don't need to hire any writer for it.

- I have in-depth knowledge of various SEO metrics and all leading SEO tools that will help you to boost your site's SEO performance. I have premium subscriptions to all leading SEO tools including Moz, Ahrefs, Majestic, SEMrush- which enables me to resolve any SEO-related issues. You don't need to share your SEO tools account credentials with me as I have all of these.

- Lead generation for link building and any purpose.
I have paid tools like LinkedIn Sales Navigator, Hunter, Snov, RocketReach and many more (I have a paid monthly subscription for each of these tools so if you need me to use them in your project you can hire me instead of buying all those expensive tools)

-Email Marketing / Link building outreach admin support
(I can automate and send HIGHLY PERSONALISED/CUSTOMIZED 400 emails per hour using code) also have automation tools like Mailchimp, Lemlist, SendGrid.

-Keyword research for SEO and Affiliate marketing, Amazon product research.

- On-page SEO, Technical SEO, Internal Linking.

-Affiliate Marketing
I own affiliate blog sites which are authority sites in various niches. I have the REAL experience of an entrepreneur, so I can help you in every aspect of affiliate marketing, blogging, content writing, and content research. What help do you need?

- Content writing
I provide content writing services for affiliate marketers and review sites. My rate is USD 15 for every 1000 words.

- Amazon FBA
Complete store management (product research + keyword research + sourcing + listing + PPC marketing), I own an Amazon store for multiple geographic markets and selling products there successfully for years, so I know everything that you need for running a successful Amazon store.

-Website design: WordPress website setup, theme installing, landing page slider design, Elementor Design, WordPress data entry.

I am passionate about my work and I won't rest until I deliver something extraordinary.


LinKRanK means more traffic for your review site, blog, ecommerce or any kind of site that want to generate traffic through search engines. We are a global team of white hat link builders around the world provide link building service to industry leading brands, review sites, affiliate marketers and provide full support to large Internet marketing companies, performance marketing companies that want to outsource the time consuming expensive manual link building task at a lowest affordable cost and can still get the top quality service.

We will earn natural contextual links for you which will look organic to search engines. Our method is manual outreach and we will do organic link-building campaign which requires manual work and great amount time and huge effort that will bring long time great of value of your site to search engine. But still we will be able to manage it at a surprisingly low cost which is even lower than AI based or toxic cheap PBN links.

We at LinKRanK help you to drive more traffic from search engines since 2011. We create quality backlink profiles for your site. We do white hat organic link building, we hate blackhat techniques like artificially created blogs, low-quality toxic links. We will only link your website to high authority and good quality sites that are a good match for your industry and niche. For that, we do a lot of manual research and try to avoid using tools and Artificial intelligence as much as possible and still, your cost will be lower than the market average price (you can compare it). We have a network of human link builders worldwide and we know how to do all the hard work at a low cost and deliver the market best service. All work we will do very carefully and highly customized for your industry and in a most effective way.

We help large industry leading brands, e-commerce, review sites, affiliate marketing sites, large blogging sites to increase their website traffic by achieving their continuous link building monthly target of getting links from quality sites. Wo do not use artificial intelligence to do this task. We will do it manually using humans (top link building prospectors around the world) to find best matched sites and content for your niche for link building. We also work with large industry leading digital marketing companies, performance marketing companies that have in house SEO team but need to outsource their link building service to save cost or want to expand their SEO business activities and looking for trusted partners.

We can provide digital marketers the best link building service at the lowest cost. You can save a lot money if you outsource the link building prospecting/outreaching task to us and can spend more your time and money in other areas of your business. We will provide best value service at the lowest possible cost and we strictly follow search engine rules and will never pick toxic PBN links for you.


We work 365 days for you! We find high quality sites for Guest posting, link insertion for your site that are contextual to your industry and pursue them for linking to your site. Our link building team find free backlink opportunities for high quality contents of your sites and secure links. We also have a great collection of high quality sites for every industry for link building that link you for sure.


For Internet Marketers
Outsource all of your SEO link building tasks to us- a team of link builders to achieve the monthly link target at a surprisingly low cost. We can guarantee you the market best result. 


For Affiliate Websites
Looking for a low-cost solution to your continuous link building campaign? We can offer you the most effective result than any other leading agency in the most cost effective way.


For E-commerce site 
Tired of SEO agency’s slow communication, over budget, and low performance? We have solutions for all of your pains. Try us for 1 month and see the difference in cost and results. 